Correct page title (#279)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/ai-services/agents/how-to/tools/azure-functions.md

---

> title: 'How to use Azure Functions with the Azure AI Agent Service'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to use Azure Functions with the Azure AI Agent Service
```
edit to comply with MSFT style guide
